hello everyone I'm strawberry and today I
I will present the strange case of a man
who came back commenting using facebook
pedrito was a happy and healthy child like
any other we used to play wow
like everyone but one day
pedrito started acting strange I gave
realize that something was wrong when
he started saying that everything he liked was
as if I could say that something does not
I liked today what a boring hate story
I like it in a story I like
also what you say little by little what
it seemed to be innocent behavior
it turned out to be the beginning of the catastrophe
always by car like show us your
better profile without any reason
stressed pine nuts and the eighth as
still free asked if you're thinking
today I am very happy because my
cousin play the play get ready carlitos
and you talk pedrito I do not know when I wanted
to convince me to watch a movie
it looked very sensationalist this
girl the lonely and sad but in the end
surprised and touched everyone
intense pictures of animals
tortured malnourished children and I do not
I knew I wanted to achieve with that as
to exist people who do this we have
to do something a little bit of a life
animals and volunteers as he looks
Arturo Díaz's desire came to frighten me
serious began to express their
cynical feelings and friendship without
filter or consideration for those who
we listened at that moment I knew that what
we had lost forever today
pedrito happy me of the friend paul us
we have known for many years and we have
shared joys sadness drops
from our team to the second division
you do not visit nights sailing playing lol and
today on this special day I want
tell you, brother friend, I love you with
all my heart and some are present
the kindergarten until summer
last I love you a lot of friends only
It was at that moment that I decided that
This could not go on like that
we needed help then I called
arnold schwarzenegger to give him
a beating
I do not know if it was any good but that day I
I laughed a lot today
pedrito is recovered thanks to a
addiction replacement therapy
now he contracted the twitter syndrome
but it seems that it allows him to live
better than good that is Friday even in
happiness until going out with friends
[Music]
and is for the sad and hidden history
poor little dog if they have any
friend with facebook syndrome in the
I like the video and comment what things
we do on facebook in real life
would be ridiculous for example for me is
rare when they dedicate dedications and
these things the people who already passed away or
puppies that will never read forgiveness
for my sincerity but
but to read remember that when
reach the 3 thousand subscribers I will
do my first such so keep
choosing what they want to see
romay line or 50 things about meego if you
liked this video and want to give more
shining videos subscribe joined
videos every Thursday and can also
follow me on my social networks facebook
twitter and in Instagram
that sparkling such treatment
correspondent
Thank you
it hurt
I'm a doctor